(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So this brings us
to our next challenge exercise for this course.
In this challenge, your goal is to find a solution
to the linking of sensitive data in the logs.
We'll take the code from the previous challenge.
I've added some logging to the application,
so make sure you update it from the exercise files,
but I did so in a way that leaks sensitive data.
Now you choose how to fix this.
Run the tests, and you'll see the log messages print out
and easily be able to identify the sensitive data
that appears in the log message.
But again, from there, it's your choice how to resolve it.
I'm going to leave that up to you,
and I'll get back with some of those solutions.